we've got here is an in-form striker and
that will spell great peril I think to
the opposition yeah now be fearful of
him and I'm sure he's name would have
been mentioned the Jester knew
beforehand he's the main threat I just
United
getting a first half under way
michael carrick
good bowl
through this shot
is it going well here's a chance
shot by that person very good goalkeeper
marking as tightly as they can this
corner could be a problem I've got to
defend it well
so cleverly
it's good to watch the skill here with
the back heel good pass
he's got space
la
here's the shot hopes have been world
champions in 1958 then it's still still
looms large in English football history
doesn't it
good ball the kids will hope that they
keep coming like that all day and
passing it well here
when they would have been in but for
that fighting stop Antonio Valencia
well execute it
classic shorts on here
countless cool
well there are better times and others
to score and write on a back here to
curb this piece of attacking play got to
get more men behind the ball I think
no time for an extra touch after the
taco it's out of harm's way
tremendous understanding from these
players patience is the name of the game
at the moment
defenders on the shot going to score
the Magnificent go
well executed it's not the hardest piece
of defending
chance to keep going forward that
cluster could get his got in now
and the cross comes in now
so dangerous here's an opportunity maybe
get a fresh player on and cement their
position as they look to hold onto this
lead
he's got further make sure the go he's
given that everything
they managed to score here
I mentioned with it
this is the chops here's the shock
to go with a bullet
if there was any doubt about the results
was up to doubt well keeps it going well
it licked up well what a charge here
tried everyone who's going to take the
rest now
good well to get to it let alone hold it
I was close enough to keep the interest
right to the end the final whistle has
gone here